To integrate the new LMCurrentOffers database table into the website's front-end. This will replace any existing offer calculation logic. The new system provides a pre-calculated, fully optimized database of all possible offers, which the website will query to display the most attractive deals to users.
The Golden Rule: The website's job is not to calculate anything. It only needs to filter and display the pre-calculated offers from the database. This will ensure the website is extremely fast and responsive.
Part 1: The Data Source
The single source of truth for all offers is a new MySQL table:
Table Name: LMCurrentOffers
Update Frequency: This table is completely rebuilt automatically every hour (at 15 minutes past the hour). The data is always fresh.
Key Column for Ranking: The most important column for decision-making is attractiveness_score. This is a pre-calculated number from 0-100 that represents the optimal balance of guest appeal and business value. Higher is better.
Part 2: Website User Search Functionality
The user will provide three inputs on the website:
A check-in date range (e.g., September 1st to September 15th).
A specific number of adults.
A specific number of children.
When the user clicks "Search," the back-end of the website must perform the following query logic.
Part 3: The Query Logic - Displaying the Top 3 "Champion" Offers
The goal is to always display a maximum of 3 "Champion" offers on the initial results page. To find these champions, the back-end must perform a two-step query process.
Step A: Find the "Local Champion" for Each Available Stay
First, we need to find the single best offer for each unique villa on each unique check-in date within the user's search.
Filter the database: Select all offers from LMCurrentOffers that match the user's search criteria.
code
SQL
-- Pseudo-code for the initial filter
SELECT * FROM LMCurrentOffers
WHERE 
    checkin_date >= 'USER_START_DATE' AND
    checkin_date <= 'USER_END_DATE' AND
    adults = USER_ADULTS_COUNT AND
    children = USER_CHILDREN_COUNT;
Identify the best offer for each block: From these results, we need to find the "Local Champion." This is the offer with the highest attractiveness_score for each unique (villa_id, checkin_date) combination.
This can be done efficiently in a single SQL query using window functions (like ROW_NUMBER()) or by grouping and selecting the MAX(attractiveness_score).
The result of Step A is a clean list of the single best offer for each available villa and date.
Step B: Select the Top 3 "Global Champions" to Display
From the list of "Local Champions" generated in Step A, we simply select the top 3.
Sort the list: Order the entire list of "Local Champions" by attractiveness_score in descending order.
Ensure Variety: To avoid showing three offers for the same villa, apply a simple de-duplication rule. After selecting the #1 champion, ignore all other offers for that same villa_id before selecting the #2 champion, and so on.
Take the Top 3: The first 3 offers from this final, sorted, and de-duplicated list are your "Global Champions."